Update benchmarks (#123)
mcollina/undici: README.md

Picture of Eleven
-->

> ### Install

Reviewer: Why change title level?

Author: The same is done in `fastify`. But I'll revert that. Should benchmarks stay here or should I move them down?

Reviewer: I’ll leave it at your discretion.

```
npm i undici
```

### Benchmarks

Machine: Intel i7-7700k, 4.5GHz, 4C/8T, 32GB RAM, NVMe SSD\
Server: [H2O](https://github.com/h2o/h2o) 2.2.5\
Configuration: HTTP/1.1 without TLS

```
http - keepalive - read x 17,074 ops/sec ±6.99% (79 runs sampled)
undici - request - read x 25,428 ops/sec ±1.73% (83 runs sampled)

http - keepalive - pipe x 15,504 ops/sec ±7.32% (79 runs sampled)
undici - stream  - pipe x 24,073 ops/sec ±1.86% (88 runs sampled)

> ```

Reviewer: Why 4 and not 3? It's a bit confusing to have http twice but with different results. :/

Reviewer: Looks like stream is slower than request

Reviewer: Ah, `pipe` vs `read`.

Reviewer: I would just do the pipe version for all 3

Author: It's different usage. `pipe` does `stream.pipe(anotherStream)`, while `read` does `stream.resume(); stream.once('end', () => deffered.resolve())`.

Author: Ah, for some reason I had to refresh to get your comments. Will take another look at this.

Author: > Looks like stream is slower than request

That's just an error. `±1.73%` vs `±1.86%`. It's basically the same.

Reviewer: But is read relevant in the real world? Seems a bit synthetic. I’m fine with it. Just thinking out loud.

Author: Hmm... Honestly I'd prefer all four, but I don't mind having only three. @mcollina Any thoughts?

Author: > But is read relevant in the real world? Seems a bit synthetic.

Nah, you're right. It **is** synthetic. Let me fix that.

> This is a basic `hello world` [example](benchmarks/index.js).

Author: ```suggestion
The benchmark is a basic `hello world` [example](benchmarks/index.js).
```

npm i undici
```

## Benchmarks

Machine: Intel i7-7700k, 4.5GHz, 4C/8T, 32GB RAM, NVMe SSD
Server: [H2O](https://github.com/h2o/h2o) 2.2.5
Configuration: HTTP/1.1 without TLS

```
undici - request - pipe x 23,060 ops/sec ±1.11% (88 runs sampled)

> undici - stream  - pipe x 24,409 ops/sec ±1.70% (85 runs sampled)

Reviewer: Put the fastest on top and then we are good! Thanks for the help!

Author: Done! :D
